And the ruin is most one of the most interesting problems or dynamic programming.
And you can easily see it's one of the most famous problems as well.
It's called regular expression matching outfits, not only about anime programming.
This regular expression matching is.
It is a building function of many languages.
So let's see how to implement it.
And first of all, let's understand the problem.
It is a very similar to wild card pattern matching problem, but.
There's a twist in this.
It says that giving in and boosting SNP employment, regular expression matching with support of START
and START, will invite carbon emitting adverse ocean mark and star aid in deserted gardens to the darting
ocean.
MAGA kind of same day matches any single character seen by pattern matching.
Also, it was a question magnitude.
Anything is connected to that kind of the same thing.
Or the second point is very different.
It says the star matches zero or more of the preceding element.
This is tricky mate.
So inviting pattern matching also.
We saw that the staff had managed continuous characters.
But here it is that it does not match any going continuous characters.
It matches.
Zero or more preceding element.
What is preceding element in this preceding element for this applicant?
Various examples I will discuss these examples as well, or just understand this preceding element is
the element which is this preceding this dot in the pattern.
It's not about as it is about the pattern, only a book.
For example, it seeks an example and stands doubly.
These will never match and I believe and start right here.
It means this star can match any number of these is even zero of disease is so here we can see started
matching two of these is eight.
In this example it says star can match any of these, but any TV star is able to match any of these
dots.
That means by start will match with it and the second part will match with B, so you can take any number
of dots.
So basically dot star can match with anything in this wildcard in this.
Regular expression.
Well, I reckon some good example.
Let's see them.
So to get more clarity on this, this is the first example.
It is a, b is fingers and b c da is da b.
Now what, according to you should be the regular expression matching over here.
Should it be true or false?
Means will they match or would they not?
Level eight.
Because here.
DOD is matching Xeroxes.
It can also match zero characters of DC.
Basically this kind of consuming C and taking it away.
It means they both vanished.
So just let's get back to the problem.
It says zero or more of the preceding element.
The results are important.
They just vanished.
This emerged with DC and now we know that this started in any number of ways because age is pretty superseding
the start.
So here.
Again.
This started in March with the.
Or instead, let's let me make this zero.
This is also matching this here because dot again match any number of years now and this may be matches
with basically this your return group.
So this is important you see that how does see vanish.
Eight.
There is no matching Fauci part of this stuff.
Let's talk about this second example.
It is e e b start again.
The same thing.
It will return true because now there will be zero matching of this B to B and this star matches with
empty string various images with.
So therefore these are regular expression matching.
Well, this is a third example.
So e.
Okay.
Let me.
Let me also think about it.
Firstly, what's happening?
But of course, we don't need this piece of this has to go.
And we made it this way.
We don't need to see it.
So therefore, this matches with this.
This matches with this.
And this matches.
But d e I we're getting this right.
So here b started on c started going only is starting is left which matches with three is.
Well, these are some different ratings examples on which, let's say I recorded, but before that I
want you to go to this problem and think about it and you can try all these different examples.
What is the what is the answer that you are getting?
Because it might be thinking these cases are tricky, right?
What about this case?
Case, the fourth one?
I'm here.
This this dark skinned match with the.
And what about these two dots?
They would not match anyway.
And this can match.
This could have automated with it.
But again, it can be a second thing, right?
Look, let's go back and do it again.
It should.
This vanishes.
There's only two notes remaining, but there's only one eight.
But if.
If it would have been and B, then it would have returned as true.
Because this image is with this B matches with this this image with zero characters and this dark matches
with zero characters.
Because it is.
Dorothy, one thing to note here is if there's a character, let's say the character, and there's a
start after it.
Wherever the action is taken on this character, it is decided at this place not it is decided because
there's a start up in it whether this character will come into the pattern matching or not.
The second is how many times will it come into Britain?
It is decided.
Because they started it.
Eight.
This is an important observation that we should make.
Well, and.
Now the next is ABC and is this.
So here we can.
Okay.
This vanishes because we don't need the C, C, B, and this will match with the one one character of
the start button.
Nate, I hope you're getting this.
And it is kind of very tricky.
If you if you'd just pause the video and go to court and, you know, solve this problem yourself,
you will see that it's very, very tricky.
And it requires.
It requires just one validation.
The validation is very simple for any character.
If there's a start after it, we need to decide what actions should be taken on that character.
Right now, moving on to Star.
So let's see what I mean from day.
Who could I hope to see in the examples?
What we'll do is I'll start with the solution here and.
Right.
So firstly.
The same thing.
So let's say I was doing A, B, C and I have this thing second string, which is a pattern either Jay-Z.
Let's make some cases like what?
All cases are possible.
The first major case that I can see is that if Jay's a character and after it, I have a start.
Right.
This is the character.
Any character, right.
It can be dotted, can be a and after it I will start.
That means Jay plus one is Scott for this case.
And this case should be handled earlier.
Basically.
Liquidate.
This is one.
So what is case one?
If.
The plus one and the tip of the plus one is equal to.
If B of d plus one is equals to start and right knowing one I comedy and the next character is start
will not tell me in how many B's and this next character be matched with the eighth character.
So we all know that we are trying to match some eye with some juice.
But I learned to.
And that's all that has always been my deep state.
Whenever I'm solving integrative problems.
So.
Now.
Nothing about this.
Uh, let's see if I have a character.
Okay, so let's say this character is e in the eighth position.
In digit position.
I have a daughter.
And I will start late.
So if I have a dart here, will this match with the dart?
Yes, because.
I would start start again, do two things, right.
It can match the characters or it can match one character and repeat the same story.
That means match one character in the next itself.
Let's see.
Let's I'm just talking about the first kiss here now.
Let's see if I.
Is equal to this easy.
Eight essays equal stupider than what should happen.
And we say they're deep.
I got major.
Can be equal to a p.
That means see if essays matching PJ eight.
That means.
The Iot character has merged with the Git character and now I'm seeing Gomez.
I bless one.
It will match.
I press one with whatever you want to match.
And now match this.
G.
Right.
So this G will not move forward because it has a start up.
This is important.
It means if a character is matched, I can match any number of characters after the date.
So what I'll do is just.
Just give me a second.
I quickly write this case.
And explain it.
Execute as many as eight.
And I'm trying to match this with this.
So tell me if this ear matches with this Jay, because right now Jay has a dart.
I mean, it will be the same kids.
But let me just say, Avery, you know what?
I know we can see as Isaiah goes to PJ and PJ plus one.
Is that right?
That means this E can match with the current.
I mean, I will simply say I bless when that means when this current is matched and I start matching
from my plus one or should I increase D?
That's my question.
Should I see that match, this match?
It doesn't make sense, right?
Because we can never imagine individual star character.
We can never imagine individual star character.
We all know that.
Eight five can right.
Never imagine to be a songwriter because God.
Story is based on the preceding element to the is based on the preceding element and we can never meet
him, match it individually.
So moving one step doesn't make sense at all.
Firstly and secondly.
More of these is can also be merged with this.
Hey, let's I will not increment you.
I will say cool this image with this here.
Now again, match the rest of this string, which is from my plus one.
With this only because this again, again, be repeated.
This is what tells us that.
Star can match any number of days by not moving this particular g value ahead.
You're not moving this point ahead.
You're saying, okay, again, match this with other, is it?
So in the next step, what will happen again?
Be equal, equal to star.
And if so, that means in that case s I will be equal to the next character, which is this A-plus one
in the in the next state, in this state.
And then again, it will be equal to in it will match.
And again, only I will move forward.
Okay.
So I hope you are seeing that how multiple eyes are being merged when there's a star up to 88.
What can be the second case?
The second case can be.
If B it's inside casement only rate if BD is equal to DART.
Always tell me if bees is equals to diet, that means our diet can match any number of characters.
A letter to the daughter.
It can also match DC.
So won't it be the same case?
It means I'm matching some eyes with Jade and it will be called simple DP I plus one Comanche.
I mean, both of them are the same cases.
If it has the same character, then also perform the same thing.
If it has a dart, so dart can match any number of it, not can match any single character.
If Dhadkan match any single character, I will say okay, move ahead and match it with this current.
But basically what will happen this guard will match with the, let's say the dark matches with the
now we know if I start is behind the door, that means any number of darts can match.
So if any number of their darts can match.
That's why they will be the same repeating statement.
That means I will move forward and then again it can match with the start.
Again, it can match with the dart, even if let's make a case.
Let's make this case, let's say is B, C, D, eight.
But if it would have been a start, then only this aide would have mentioned this.
We would not have missed it.
Or what if it is a dart stop?
If it is a dart start, this aid will match this.
We will also match the C will also match and this D will also meet because we know that can match any
single character.
And this star is repeating this dart to match many single characters.
I hope this is clear.
The first two cases right now.
Let's make the next case.
What can be the second case?
Just as that means.
If PGA PGA players, when it's an article to start with, the next character is not a star, then let's
worry about what is the current character.
Okay, so there's one more thing that here we are we have missed.
And it is.
I hope you remember the first example.
The first example is that the next character is a star.
But we don't want to match it.
This case, it seems to be I don't see Nick's character is a star, but we don't want to match this
with any of the characters above.
We simply want that star doesn't match any of the greatest images.
Zero character logos.
In this case, that was matching one character.
Eight liquidator.
Yeah.
In this kid.
Steinmetz is one character because they are equal here also starred images one character and of course
allows you to repeat.
And now let's make a third case.
Hard cases.
It's got images, zero characters.
That means I don't want start to match any of the characters now.
If I don't want start to match any of the characters now, that means.
I'm on digital director, I want it to vanish.
And that means I want the current character to vanish and the start to also go.
It means let me write this.
Let's say we see next year to see Star ABC.
Well, that means I want these to go away.
So.
If I'm matching AI with D, I will simply say match i.e. with the plus eight match I with duplex do.
Now that means simply remove this.
It means now START is matching the zero character.
This is also a case raid zero character and it is always possible that pop icon Magi can alter depending
upon.
BP I because see if it is not any indicator I will not increase it and do will increase by you by will
the increase by two because.
It is matching zero character and star and Seattle vanishing.
I just think your key from this is start matching with this if.
Well, this is a case that is very important.
That's why I took the first example as this case only.
It is, it can match zero characters as well.
Well so I think these Rodriguez's for the start.
Now let's talk about.
Excuse me.
So if the next idiot is not a star, if next year it is not a star.
Let's just assume that next character is not a star and current character can be our dot.
Okay, let me write the case.
If.
If PD.
Is equal to a dirt.
And of course the next edit is in our desktop.
So just remove that into the if necessary in order to start in the current correct is a dot letter dot
and it's right e and if I'm, let's say above this B eight in this case, I hear you here.
I met.
I'm trying to match everyday.
What will happen is this dodge should match of it exactly one be.
Oh, sorry.
This guard should match exactly with Vandy because after this round we don't have a star.
Exactly.
One is important here.
It's not, you know, again and again matching in the case over here.
I want it to match the exactly one element and how we led.
I did.
I'll simply say that BPI committee is equal to DP.
I.e. plus one because.
The current director matched.
So just start matching from the next character and the plus one because this part meshed exactly with
one character now can not be matched with any other character.
Just move ahead.
Well.
And now let's make this a good case.
The second cases, if is equal to.
Any character, let's say.
I see it.
So just tell me if that if this.
Okay, let's make cookies is separate in this.
Is that Catholic?
What do I say that means if Prejean says same.
Eight.
Make the case.
Let's say it's A, B, C and E, D, B, so here we can see I enjoy C and it is very simple.
The deep idea will be again, same thing EPA plus one plus one.
That means I enjoy unmatched move ahead and for the third case if easy.
Is a character and it is not equal to.
It is not equal to essay.
If it is not equal to essay and it is not a dart, it is not a star, it is a character board.
The characters don't match.
Then we don't do anything.
We just get involved in this.
But they are not matching.
They will never match because it can't be met.
This is a simple example.
This is not equal to this.
They will not match.
They will never match.
Because.
There's no state or.
Got it.
So we will just.
Let's just remove this case or it's not the case.
Let's do nothing in this case if it involves.
Right.
These were the cases of bodyguard Peyton Manning.
And in the next problem, what we'll do is in the next tutorial, we will escort this in just by six
lines of code.
Not much, because you can see the cases are very loose.
So you just have to.
It was just they were just one getting this that I personally faced.
And it was instead of making g means I have never handled this case when praise equals to start.
Because it will never be equal just because.
That's what it is.
Only when there's a preceding element.
If there's a preceding element and the action is being taken on the preceding element, invite your
ego to start.
I will take the action on the preceding element only by asking whether the next character is.
I started not.
So.
Yeah, put it in the next part.
Thank you.